(dramatic music)
- [Lili] Master Bell,
over there!
Take out the nest!
(dramatic music)
- Fire bolt!
- [Aisha] Stay sharp!
More incoming!
(dramatic music)
(Welf and Ouka yelling)
("Tentou")
(gentle music)
- Excuse me, Ouka.
What exactly are we
doing all this for?
Is it a ritual to
keep monsters away?
- I don't think that's
quite right actually.
- [Bell] We're doing
it to take advantage
of the dungeon's nature.
I only recently learned
about this myself,
but destroying the
terrain causes the dungeon
to focus its attention on
repairing itself first,
meaning it will stop spawning
monsters for a brief time.
- Oh...
You're coming into
your own, Bell.
And you're really taking charge.
You're the one who defeated
the most monsters too.
Deep down inside, I always knew
that you were something special,
but now it's like you're
something else altogether.
- I agree.
Level four adventurers are
in a whole different league.
- Yes, I think so as well.
Even the way you move is
different from the War Game.
Ugh, sorry.
Dunno how to put it.
- His moves are
certainly sharper.
Is that what you
mean, Cassandra?
- Yes, that's
exactly what I mean.
- Truly incredible.
- Ah, gosh.
Thanks, you guys!
(pot clanging)
- Okay, enough chit-chat!
Everybody get back to work on
the double!
(hammer clanging)
- What's got you worried?
Is it me?
- It is. I sensed you had
a very difficult time
when it came to the
situation with the Xenos.
I became concerned that you
couldn't fight against monsters
anymore after that.
And, well, I must admit,
seeing you fight on the
way here was a surprise.
- I decided that being a
hypocrite was the only choice.
- You are just a hypocrite!
- Those who are villified
as hypocrites,
they are the ones who have
the makings of a hero.
- Defeating other monsters
in order to save the Xenos,
it may be morally wrong
and some people may speak
ill of me because of it,
but it is what I need to do.
It is the only way.
- I understand.
- So what's with
the long face, huh?
I don't see any reason
to be so concerned.
He's gonna be fine.
- Look, I realize that,
but Master Bell is
different now, you know?
He's more dependable than
before.
Yet at the same time,
something's off.
I can't help but feel
like he's drawing
farther away from me.
- That doesn't change what
a supporter should do.
You just have to
keep chasing after him
and providing the
assistance he needs.
Isn't that right?
I'll be up in the front
right by his side.
Actually, I'm gonna
work to out-class him.
Whatever you're gonna be doing,
try not to get left in the dust.
- That will not be a problem!
I'm his supporter and the best
dang partner he's ever had!
You hear me, Master Welf?
I would never let
a loser like you
get the better of me!
- Yeah!
Now that's more like it!
Okay, that'll be enough of that!
- Eat it!
(soft music)
- [Aisha] This kid's presence
is having a positive influence
on the party as a whole.
He's not just pulling them
along with his strength.
He's encouraging them
and making sure they all
share the same commitment,
which stimulates their growth.
Well, look at that.
That makes you a real
hero, Bell Cranel.
- [All] Let's dig in!
- Everyone, eat as
much as you'd like.
There's plenty of extra
helpings to go around.
- I'm sorry that you have
to eat all by yourself
over there, Bell.
- Oh, no worries.
Food's still good.
- [Mikoto] I asked Lady
Aisha for some help.
We added medicinal herbs
and fruits that grow
right here in the dungeon.
Have to say, it
turned out tasty.
- Yeah, it's a unique
flavor, but I like it.
Don't think I've ever had
anything like this before.
- No ingredients like
this in the Far East.
The dungeon food
tastes kind of weird.
- Master Ouka, you should
be praising the cooks
for their work instead,
particularly Lady Chigusa.
- No, Lili, don't
concern yourself with me!
- Pardon? While the food
is quite delicious,
aren't you kind of concerned
about using too much water?
I've had experiences
like that before,
running out of water
mid expedition
and being forced to turn
back after coming so far.
- There are a number
of springs around
where we can get water.
Even more if we
proceed further down.
And we don't have to worry
about different factions
like the Apollon Familia
stealing it.
They won't be anywhere near us.
- I suppose if you say so.
- Quit bringing up
all the problems.
Don't be such a downer.
- [Cassandra] I'm not
being a downer!
- [Lili] She's right!
- [Cassandra] I'm
just being real!
- I have to say, this
feels very strange.
We're washing dishes in
the middle of the dungeon.
- Right? It almost feels like
we're still back at home.
- It's hard to believe
we've made it all the way down
to the 24th floor and
we did it so fast.
I doubt we would've
made such quick progress
without Master Bell
in our party.
He's something special.
- I was overjoyed.
When Master Bell came and
asked us to join the expedition
so that we could grow
stronger together,
I mean, I'm still just
a novice sorcerer,
but I wanted to prove
useful to him.
Though I do worry
that I may be a hindrance
to you and the others.
- Don't be ridiculous.
Come what may, I fully
intend to protect you
with my life, Lady Haruhime.
- Oh, Mikoto...
- I made sure to prepare.
Master Takemikazuchi
put me through
some really rigorous
training, let me tell you.
(sword scratching)
- What do you think?
Is Hakugen again easy to use?
- It's the absolute best!
Honestly, I was stunned
by how impressive it is.
It can cut through even
the toughest of monsters
like they're nothing.
- Well, yeah, I did use a
Unicorn Horn to make it after
all.
Little Bit gave me a nasty
tongue-lashing for it too.
Says I shouldn't give you
any preferential treatment.
All done. Kay, now let's
see your other one.
- [Bell] I'm trying to get
used to wielding Hakugen
so I haven't been using the
Goddess's Knife much at all.
- [Welf] I figured.
But it doesn't hurt
to be prepared.
- Say, Welf, what's it made of?
I assume it's probably mithril?
- Yep. Not only is it easy
material to work with,
but it also has high
magic conductivity.
It's one of the best
ingots gets you can get.
But even though it
transmits magic well,
that doesn't mean it can
be magically-empowered.
The blade will actually
disperse any magic
that you try to imbue it with.
- So it has high magic
conductivity,
but it can't store any of it.
- [Daphne] You've done even
better than I expected.
Your orders were pretty precise
and not a single
person doubted them.
It's just like I figured,
you're perfect for a strategist.
- That really means a lot.
Thanks. I owe it all to you
for teaching me what I needed
to know before we left.
- Only one problem.
- Huh?
- We are entering the
lower floors
where we don't have
any experience.
That makes it harder to
predict what'll happen
and the strategist
needs to take
the worst possible
scenarios into account.
- Worst possible scenarios?
- Mhmm.
The dungeon is a cruel tyrant.
There are going to be times
when you have to be heartless.
That being said, I think you
can make levelheaded decisions.
- [Cassandra] I still felt
an awful sense of foreboding
even after I woke up.
And no matter what
I say to Daphne,
she just won't believe me.
- Oh? Was your nightmare
honestly that horrifying?
- I saw this very
creepy green moss
that grew and spread
all over everything.
It's definitely a sign
of bad things to come.
- It's going to be okay.
No matter what
happens out there,
I know our party can handle it.
- But Chigusa...
- Just relax.
Try to get some sleep.
We all need our rest, don't we?
- [Cassandra] Sure.
- [Bell] It's time
for a shift change.
- Oh? Doesn't feel
like it's been that long.
- Miss Aisha, thanks
for helping us.
I'm glad that we have
you on this expedition.
- Happy too. We're
close, you know?
Just a stone throw away
from the passage
that leads further down.
We'll be launching our attack
on the lower floors tomorrow.
- So soon.
- [Aisha] Our success
depends entirely on you.
If you bite the dust out there,
the whole party will follow
suit.
The next part of the dungeon
is an entirely
different beast, Bell.
So listen, you need to be ready.
The further we go down,
the more clearly you
will come to realize
just how brutal
the dungeon really is.
Bell Cranel, are you truly ready
to step foot into
that kind of world?
- Until the deepest level
of the dungeon is conquered,
coexistence between humanity
and the Xenos is impossible.
- I would be lying to you
if I said I wasn't afraid.
But still, I really wanna
keep pressing onward.
- That's the face I like to see.
It's even better than before.
(footsteps shuffling)
(water crackling)
- [Welf] Whoa.
- So this is the 25th
floor, the Water City.
- So here it is, guys.
The Great Falls.
- [Aisha] That humongous
waterfall
continues all the way
down to the 27th floor.
There's basically no
chance of survival
if you fall, so watch your step.
- [Cassandra] I definitely will.
- [Welf] So anybody know
how far this path goes?
- It says on the map
we'll be reaching a
side tunnel shortly.
After we enter, Lady Aisha said
that things will return
to the usual maze layout.
- Is that the spot
where we came in?
- Everything's so huge,
it screws with your
distance perception, huh?
- There's so much water in here.
I have to wonder where
it all ends up going.
I know that the dungeon
is pretty vast,
but it feels like it
would overflow, right?
- From what I understand,
most of it eventually
flows into a lake
outside of Orario.
And I heard that long ago,
aquatic monsters actually
expanded out into the sea
through that route.
- Well, then if that's the case,
there must be monsters lurking
in these water as well.
- [Bell] I would think so.
- [Lili] Okay, everyone,
it's time to review our mission.
The items we need to retrieve
are 10 shells from Blue Crabs,
along with three fins
from Aqua Serpents
or 30 fangs from Raider Fish.
Or if we aim for rare monsters,
then we just need one Mystic
Crystal from the Carbuncle.
If we choose resources,
we need to gather a thousand
grams of Azure Stone.
As for the expedition itself,
we've already made it as far
as we need to for the floor
requirement.
I don't think it's necessary
for us to push any
further to the 26th floor.
- I agree with that.
Everything has gone smoothly so
far.
But we should take things
slowly.
- For sure.
For the rest of our expedition,
I suggest we use the camp ground
from yesterday on 24 as a base.
Then each day, we'll
come down here
to gradually explore
the 25th floor.
Master Bell, does
that work for you?
- Sounds like a plan.
- Notice there are rapids
that run across various
areas on the floor.
Although we're equipped
with the Undine Cloth
to help protect against
water-based attacks,
it's best to exercise caution.
Now, I don't wanna be
a cheapskate about it,
but aside from Lady Aisha,
we've prepared supplies
and equipment for everyone,
including the Undine Cloths,
plus a newly made Goliath Robe,
and not to mention an
extravagant amount of rare items
that Master Welf brought
to craft new gear.
Needless to say, it ended up
costing us a really hefty sum.
Remember that!
You're going to have to work
extra hard
on this expedition and
help us recoup the cash
that has been spent to get
here in the first place!
To be blunt, anyone who
lets themselves get defeated
by monsters is just wasting
precious time
and money!
- She scares me.
- Well, provided that our
expedition ends as planned,
we should easily be able
to earn that and then some.
We have company.
- [Bell] Blue crabs!
- Ugh, I've never seen
a crab walk like that.
- There's no time for talk!
(intense music)
- That was easy!
We already have two
Blue Crab shells!
What a fantastic start!
- Gotta say that was
kind of anti-climactic
for our first battle
on the lower floors.
Shouldn't let it go
to our heads though.
- It's crazy, there
really is water flowing
just about
everywhere on this floor.
- Remember that it's not the
water you have to worry about.
Please, I already told
you to be careful
near the edge, didn't I?
- Right...
I'll watch my step.
(ominous music)
- It really does move fast.
Falling in would send you
downstream in no time.
- That is part of the problem.
But the real danger
comes from the monsters.
Spend too long treading water
and you'll be eaten after
becoming their plaything.
- Oh, that doesn't
sound very good at all.
- [Aisha] All of the water
that flows on this floor
is connected to the Great Falls.
Even if you manage to
escape the monsters,
you'll almost certainly be
smashed into a bloody pulp
if you fall into the basin.
- Oh... It's terrifying just
thinking about it.
- Aquatic monsters obviously
have the advantage
when underwater.
We'd have no hope of putting
up a fight against them.
- Also, I cannot
stress this enough,
but do be very wary
near the water's edge.
- Well, what for exactly?
(Haruhime screaming)
(triumphant music)
(all gasping)
- Nicely done, Mikoto.
You'll be just fine protecting
that bungling little fox
on your own.
- I swore to her just last night
that I would keep her safe
no matter what happens
to come at us.
- [Haruhime] Mikoto,
you saved me!
(all clapping)
- Uh, um, thanks...
- [Welf] Hey, look
over there, Bell.
- Is that what I think it is?
Under Coral?
I remember in the field guide
that this is the only
place it can be found.
- That's right.
Saw it once when I paid
Goddess Hephaestus a visit.
I think it would make
for a good weapon.
Any way we could snatch some?
- Oh, don't be ridiculous,
Master Welf!
We just saw firsthand what kind
of threat the water here poses.
There's too much risk in trying
to cross it just for that.
- I bet we could sell that
Under Coral for a small fortune.
Oh, wow. There's actually an
Under Pearl stuck inside it.
- Okay, fine! Just hurry across
and get as much as you can!
- [Welf] You're ticking
me off, Little Bit.
- I wasn't expecting
the two of us
to get saddled
with fetching duty.
- Well, we don't have any
specialists
like a thief or a
scout in our party.
Whoa, look at that!
There really is an
Under Pearl in here!
- Wonderful job, Bell!
You're the best!
Now let's get moving, everyone!
Don't get too greedy!
- Rich coming from you
- [Bell] Sure thing.
On our way.
(rocks booming)
(Bell and Aisha gasping)
(monster growling)
- Oh, nice somersault!
(calming music)
- That was a crazy move
you used back there.
- It's a martial art technique
that Lord Takemikazuchi
taught me before we left.
I must say that it
certainly came in handy.
- [Welf] Sweet. This is
some high-quality stuff.
- You're not joking.
This alone could fetch
upwards of 3 million Valis.
- Oh, you know what? You could
get three and a half million
with some smooth-talking.
- Did you say three and
a half million Valis?
I love these expeditions.
The lower floors are the best!
- Lili, your eyes are
kind of freaking me out.
- Now it's really starting
to feel like an expedition.
- [Eina] I sure hope Bell
is doing okay down there.
They say the middle and the
lower floors are worlds apart.
I wish I could have
given him more info.
Quests like these are
really on the rise lately,
search parties looking
for missing people
on the lower floors.
If I remember right,
Mr. Luvis and Mr. Dormul
were also headed for the lower
floors to perform a search.
Maybe I'm just
overthinking it, but...
I hope that it's
nothing serious.
- We're still on the same floor,
but the terrain keeps going up
and down.
It's such a bizarre layout.
- And it feels like we've
walked pretty far in.
- It's dangerous for
us to get too deep
on our first day of exploring.
Let's get ready to turn back
after a little more progress.
- Good point. We still
haven't even gone halfway
through the established route.
- What-
An adventurer?
- Sure seems like it.
But there shouldn't be
another Familia down here
on an expedition.
At least not one
that overlaps ours.
- I recognize him!
It's Luvis!
- Get ready.
He's acting strange.
(all gasping)
- Help me...
(menacing music)
- No you don't!
It's reading all my moves!
This thing is different than
any monster we've
ever fought before.
Wait a sec...
Is it enhanced?
(menacing music)
- [Aisha] Don't go in too deep!
- Backup's on the way!
- No, please don't!
You need to run!
Don't attack it!
Don't get hit!
(menacing music)
- Lady Chigusa!
- Wait, it ran away?
- [Ouka] Chigusa!
Hang in there, Chigusa!
- It's the moss from my dream.
It's going to overtake
everything.
("Guide")
- [Bell] Next time, "Parasite".